"Raymond Wooninck <tittiatcoke@gmail.com>"_email_to_"election-officials@opensuse.org opensuse-project@opensuse.org"_20121115_1206

[opensuse-project] Standing for the Board

Hello Everyone,

Hereby I would like to announce my intention to run for the Board in this 
years election. 

I guess that most of you know me already based on my work for the openSUSE KDE 
team.  I have started working with Linux since the early days (Kernel v0.12) 
and used openSUSE since 2003. 

I joined the openSUSE project about 4 years ago when I submitted my first KDE 
package. From that moment things went very fast and I am currently the main 
maintainer for the KDE repositories and maintaining Chromium and the Plymouth 
bootsplash. One of the next things I want to tackle (package wise) is Dracut 
as an alternative initrd builder. 

My current "day job" is Application Portfolio Manager for a well-known 
bottling company that focus on the Central and Eastern Europe market. If you 
look closely at my IRC nick, then you could guess which company it is :-) In 
this job I am responsible for setting out the strategy of all Applications 
used within the company. This ranges from our main Enterprise System (SAP) to 
desktop tools like collaboration, email, etc. The strategy should e.g. enable 
Business opportunities to exploit the main Enterprise system further.


If I am elected to the board, then my day job and past IT experience would be 
a good use. I would like to see the board to set out a new strategy for the 
openSUSE distribution which makes it possible to enhance our strengths and 
values. In the past SuSE has established a name for itself and it created some 
great tools, which even now are unmatched. 

Nowadays everything is about Usability and Accessibility. How usable is the 
software, how accessible is the information, how can I use this program, etc. 
I would like to extend this principles to the openSUSE project,  

On one hand we need to strengthen the relationship and the communication 
between the openSUSE community, including people working for SUSE. Only 
together we can accomplish great things. 

On the other hand we should value our end-users. These users are giving 
valuable feedback about how they see openSUSE with regards to Usability and 
Accessibility and their feedback should be incorporate into the final product. 
This drives the success of a distribution. Too many things out there are 
already being decided by a handful of people without listening to others. 

It is my opinion that the board should play a big role in both areas and to 
enable openSUSE to grow. 

My promise to you is that I will do my best to establish the above, If I would 
be elected. 

Regards

Raymond (tittiatcoke)
-- 
To unsubscribe, e-mail: opensuse-project+unsubscribe@opensuse.org
To contact the owner, email: opensuse-project+owner@opensuse.org



